[RHACS] Add auto-generated ECR registry integrations doc (#45653)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/automatic-configuration-image-registry.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * integration/integrate-with-image-registries.adoc
:_content-type: CONCEPT
[id="automatic-configuration-image-registry_{context}"]
= Automatic Configuration

[role="_abstract"]
{product-title} includes default integrations with standard registries, such as

> Docker Hub and others.  In addition, it can also automatically configure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Docker Hub and others.  It can also automatically configure
```

integrations based on artifacts found in the monitored clusters, such as image
pull secrets.  Usually, you do not need to configure registry integrations

> manually.

Reviewer: Should remove hard wrapping

[IMPORTANT]
====
If you are using a GCR registry, {product-title} does not create a registry integration automatically.
====

[id="amazon_ecr_{context}"]
= Amazon ECR integrations

> For Amazon ECR integrations, {product-title} will automatically create ECR registry integrations if the following conditions are met:

Reviewer: Avoid future tense.
```suggestion
For Amazon ECR integrations, {product-title} automatically creates ECR registry integrations if the following conditions are met:
```

> * The cluster's cloud provider is AWS.

Reviewer: Can this be rephrased to avoid a possessive `'s`?

> * The nodes in your cluster have an Instance Identity and Access Management (IAM) Role association and the Instance Metadata Service is available in the nodes.  For example, when using Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (EKS) to manage your cluster, this role is known as the EKS Node IAM role.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The nodes in your cluster have an Instance Identity and Access Management (IAM) Role association and the Instance Metadata Service is available in the nodes. For example, when using Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (EKS) to manage your cluster, this role is known as the EKS Node IAM role.
```

* The Instance IAM role has IAM policies granting access to the ECR registries from which you are deploying.

> If the listed conditions are met, {product-title} monitors deployments that are pulling from ECR registries and autogenerates ECR integrations for them. You can edit these integrations after they are automatically generated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the listed conditions are met, {product-title} monitors deployments that pull from ECR registries and automatically generates ECR integrations for them. You can edit these integrations after they are automatically generated.
```
